Liber Mortuorum
"Book of the Dead"

A Novel about a dead culture, of a dead people, in a dying universe that is both Lovecraftian and Escheresque and a homage to "The Man in the High Castle" by Philip K. Dick.

Outline:
A fictional novel based on actual scientific theories.

Many worlds phenomena - Everett interpretation.
undecided quantum states collapse into multiple alternate branching states.
for example:  an undecidable coin toss collapses into branching universes where each universe has one of two outcomes (heads or tails)


Infinite Monkey Theorem:
If given an infinite number of chances, all possibilities will happen!

Cosmology:
In the beginning, the multiverse was a singular universe about the size of atom at the moment of the big bang.  In an instant, it split infinitely into many forked universes in a slowly expanding hypersphere.

Many worlds
Main article: Many-worlds interpretation
The many-worlds interpretation is an interpretation of quantum mechanics in which a universal wavefunction obeys the same deterministic, reversible laws at all times; in particular there is no (indeterministic and irreversible) wavefunction collapse associated with measurement. The phenomena associated with measurement are claimed to be explained by decoherence, which occurs when states interact with the environment. More precisely, the parts of the wavefunction describing observers become increasingly entangled with the parts of the wavefunction describing their experiments. Although all possible outcomes of experiments continue to lie in the wavefunction's support, the times at which they become correlated with observers effectively "split" the universe into mutually unobservable alternate histories.

Observation/Interaction
There is much discussion about observation causing the collapse of the quantum wave function, as if it needed an intellect to do so.  The moment that particles collide or interact with each other is a form of measurement or observation.  It is possible that particle interaction can cause collapse of the quantum wave function.  All particles have probability cloud for all possible positions, therefore there is a universe for every possible position.

Quantum-Evolutionary Model:
(similar to David Deutsch's fabric of reality)
where life happens by accident, using a chemical replicator(DNA), it evolves according to the principles of evolution.
If it does not use a chemical replicator, who knows?!!!  It is likely however, that anything that comes into existance randomly, also mutates (which is random), therefore evolving(self-organization)

Drake Universes:
denotes universes where life originated on a planet other than Earth.
named after the drake equation, which was created to predict the number of possible intelligent civilizations in the universe.  Although it is unlikely for the same universe to have more than one planet where life formed, this does not mean there are other universes where life formed on a planet other than Earth.

Setting:
The Roman Empire does not collapse in 475 AD, but through the spread of Christianity, it is able to maintain stability.
Germanic tribes adhere to christian principles and support the Empire.
Hundreds of years later, the Roman Empire advances technologically. Science confronts the notion that God probably does not exist.  As there is no separation of church and state, the Roman Empire is a theological autocracy.  A well educated and scientifically oriented public demands greater freedoms that are in opposition to Christianity and the state. The Empire resists reforms and revolution begins.
                  (Heads and Tails, living cat and dead cat)
Two universes branch from this one common timeline, one where the Roman Empire wins the revolution, and another where the Empire lost.

Interregnum:
                                   Roman Empire
The Empire fearful of another revolution begins to pacify the population
								   
								   
								   Revolutionaries
Ill will is so high, Christians are rounded up as slaves.  They are bred like livestock to produce beautiful servants.


Many years later:
both universes having exhausted their natural resources decide to migrate to another universe to save themselves.  They have the technological ability to control gravity and warp space-time, enabling them to do so.  What are commonly known as UFO's, are actually trans-universal vehicles, using anti-gravity and gravitational waves to curve space-time to another universe.
The Roman Empire comes to what we call our current universe and creates the bubonic plague (1300's) (known as justinians plague) in this universe to wipe out the local population. It is able to kill many native people, but not all of them. The roman colonists live here for a couple hundred years until the other side that won the revolution comes here as well around 1550 AD. Detente ensues, while both sides deal with the remaining native peoples.  Once the native peoples are dead in the early 20th century, they essentially fight each other and the revolutionaries win and overthrow the Romans.  This occurs during the British Empire.  The British Empire, under control by the revolutionaries, eventually exhausts all their resources and decides to migrate to another universe.  They pick the same timeline, but different universe and migrate.  Their arrival is met with fear by the revolutionaries, who isolate them by empowering the Soviet Union in their particular universe.  These Soviets eventually assimilate the British.  The Soviets eventually exhausts their natural resources as well and decide to migrate once again.  They migrate to the same timeline, but different universe, hoping to recreate their victory over the British, but instead, the revolutionaries in this universe are more afraid of the Soviets than of the British.  They empower the United States to be able to confront both the Soviet and British threats.

                They too will eventually exhaust their resources someday and cycle just like their alternate selves.
				In a never ending loop (more like a corkscrew) ................................................
				
				
Story:

It starts in the universe we all live with one Dr. Omega (known also as David Null), friend of the famous Dr. Wigner, who tries to determine why Americans are not acting the way they are supposed to, after the fall of the Soviet Union.  He finds that people have an overall contempt for him and he doesn't know why.  He then determines that these people aren't really American and are actually from another universe through clever deduction.  
He also deduces the fact since they probably speak another language other than English and that he only speaks English, yet looks like some members of the population, that he must be an experiment of unknown purpose, raised to be American and only speaking English.  Dr. Omega is also able to figure out that he has an implant with a tachyon transmitter, which is why people know where he is and what he is thinking, before he does.
Interacting this people, he deduces further, that they truly don't know their own origin and maintain a false belief to motivate them.  This belief must have been given to them by a ruling elite, who figured out they could deceive their respective populations and motivate them as slaves.  This makes sense, since the peoples of antiquity believe that people need to be managed, unlike contemporary Americans. 
Dr Omega observes that the revolutionaries adopt children of other ethnic backgrounds, in order to use them against a target population.  They are able to speak both languages, intercept information, and sow disinformation amongst target populations.  He calls them "janissaries", named after the ottoman empires use of christian europeans as military units.
The target populations are unaware of them, except a few, sowing discord and confusion as to who may be a janissary or not.
Dr Omega realizes that the people in charge have deliberately confused their own population with very expensive frabicated events designed to confuse their people about the past.  No one can be sure of what happened in the past, history could be true or made up.  The population could never really know.  Rumors and rumors of rumors would be all that they have.  
Implying that since current events are fake, that the past is as well, in order to confuse people.  Since many events these days are contrived, people are unsure whether history is also contrived and unsure of who they are or where they are actually from.  People are becoming slaves to those that would control them, because they know no better. 
Dr Omega observes that these people are extremely brittle from prolonged living in a very civilized system and that they exhibit fear of simple things.  There is no way they could have gone through all the stages of civilization and created history in this universe in their current condition.  Dr Omega notices that the death counts in war become extremely low after the korean war in the 1950's, indicating that this is when the remaining native peoples must have died out, since these trans-universal colonists are not exactly the bravest people around.  They use money and influence to achieve what the native peoples did by force.  The second part of the cold war is an example of this.  It started as a reaction by the native peoples, but as they died out in the 50's, it was replaced with a frabicated cold war from the early 60's to the dissolution of the soviet state in the early 90's.  They are in a process to convert what is left of the imperial roman population into slaves, who know nothing of their origin.
He begins to observe the Roman, British, Soviet and Roman revolutionaries and deduce all of the previously mentioned points about how these people came to be.  He also deduces that he himself is a Roman, which explains the contempt towards him and that he was picked as a baby for this experiment because of this.  
He decides to write a novel explaining his deductions, organized as a thought experiment, called "Liber Mortuorum".  It is about an alternate version of himself in another universe that really never came to be anything.  The book's character dropped out college and joined the military and faced many issues with the people that lived around him, who had contempt for him because he was Roman.  The book's character then determines that these people are not American, following almost exactly what Dr. Omega went through.
Dr. Omega has no proof of his conjectures, but decides he doesn't need to, because the burden of proof lies on the government to prove its story to everyone.  He decides that video evidence is unacceptable, because in how it can be presented to give a false conclusion.  If one where to videotape the sun, it would appear to go around the earth, but every educated individual would know that its the earth that goes around the sun.  One could use video of another universe and say its another planet, or show two items with the exact same serial number, but one is older than the other.  It would be possible for the older item to be actually from another universe, but presented to appear as if from the future.  Such is trickery and treachery.
Dr Omega comes to the conclusion that the romans have made too many mistakes, and are probably not fit to rule in their current condition, but neither is the current government of revolutionaries, who betrayed the very people that helped them.  People themselves should decide; what to do with themselves and with their former rulers.  A man chooses, a slave obeys.
  
     
	                     